[CDTOOL-1291] Add guide for using domain service links when domains are not managed in Terraform (#1199)
fastly/terraform-provider-fastly: templates/guides/versionless_domain_service_links_with_externally_managed_domains.md

---
page_title: Linking versionless domains to a service with externally managed domains
subcategory: "Guides"
---

> ## Linking versionless domains that are externally managed in Terraform to a delivery service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Linking versionless domains that are externally managed to a delivery service
```

Author: Fixed in [6bebd54](https://github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly/pull/1199/commits/6bebd5424ab62629791f582f9249beb821f33087) as I had to generate docs.

> The following guide goes over how you would link versionless domains that are not managed in Terraform to a given service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following guide goes over how you would link externally-managed versionless domains to a given service. The domains may be managed using Terraform in a separate configuration, or managed using other tools or methods.
```

Author: Fixed in [6bebd54](https://github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly/pull/1199/commits/6bebd5424ab62629791f582f9249beb821f33087) as I had to generate docs.

> The following guide goes over how you would link versionless domains to a given service to domains that are not managed in Terraform. 

Author: This needs to be reworded - it no longer makes sense with the updates. I'll correct this shortly.

Author: Updated in [74699a8](https://github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly/pull/1199/commits/74699a8c7473fd6d57d77e9c65645bfdcd0230ab) to
```
The following guide goes over how you would link versionless domains that are not managed in Terraform  to a given service.
```

Author: Fixed the extra space in [2a233a7](https://github.com/fastly/terraform-provider-fastly/pull/1199/commits/2a233a7c1684bd643d4ea6ba6b19f1f63b7bfe93). This should be good now.
